Update and rework Reactive Forms Guide to conform with doc standards (#35969)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/reactive-forms.md

<div class="alert is-helpful">

**Note:** In this example, you're using a single control. When using the `setValue()` method with a [form group](#grouping-form-controls "Learn more about form groups.") or [form array](#creating-dynamic-forms "Learn more about dynamic forms.") instance, the value needs to match the structure of the group or array.

</div>

## Grouping form controls

> Forms typically contain several related controls. Reactive forms provide two ways of associating multiple related controls to form a single input form.

Reviewer: To avoid "form into a form"

```suggestion
Forms typically contain several related controls. Reactive forms provide two ways of grouping multiple related controls into a single input form.
```

* A form *group* defines a form with a fixed set of controls that you can manage together. Form group basics are discussed in this section. You can also [nest form groups](#nested-groups "See more about nesting groups.") to create more complex forms.

> * A form *array* defines a dynamic form, where you can add and remove controls at run time. For more about this option, see [Creating dynamic forms](#dynamic-forms "See more about form arrays.") below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A form *array* defines a dynamic form, where you can add and remove controls at run time. You can also nest form arrays to create more complex forms. For more about this option, see [Creating dynamic forms](#dynamic-forms "See more about form arrays.") below.
```

</code-example>

To add a form group to this component, take the following steps.

1. Create a `FormGroup` instance.
2. Associate the `FormGroup` model and view.
3. Save the form data.

> 4. Display the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</code-tabs>

{@a basic-form-validation}

## Validating form input

_Form validation_ is used to ensure that user input is complete and correct. This section covers adding a single validator to a form control and displaying the overall form status. Form validation is covered more extensively in the [Form Validation](guide/form-validation "All about form validation.") guide.

Use the following steps to add form validation.

1. Import a validator function in your form component.

> 2. Add the validator to field in the form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add the validator to the field in the form.
```
